From now on, you'll be a mother
A mother?
What do you mean?
To be exact, you'll be a mother
in the future,
A mother in the future?
What do you mean by that?
In life,
(Episode 18)
you need to experience things
in advance,
You need to experience things
that will happen to you,,,
in the near future,
To put it simply, it's a white lie
that will keep the family together,
A white lie?
Even if I move out with Yeon Ju,
I'll prove to you
that we can live happily,
Move out? Who says I'll allow that?
Who would allow that?
Gosh, do you think my daughter will
leave me and follow you? Gosh,
Can you taste this
soy sauce marinated crab?
Throw this away,
You're so slow-witted,
Gosh, So Won knows how tasty
these are,,,
and can eat anything with these,
but he's not a part of this family
anymore, Throw it away!
That was when
he opened the hospital,
It was splendid then,
People would tell me about
how great my son-in-law was,
"You have a great son-in-law,"
It made me feel so proud,
Gosh, all these years
I've been proud of him,,,
were all a fraud,
It's such a waste,
To be honest, your daughter idled
away too much when she was young,
I never thought she would
get her life together,
That party girl fell so
in love with him,
She got her act together
and married him,
She won't be able to meet
a decent guy like him,
You witch, Shut your mouth,
You've been here long enough
to talk back to me,
Every girl ought to have
some fun before marriage,
Should they be prudes
and sleep all day?
Let me warn you,
You'd better keep your mouth shut,
Watch your tongue, and
don't overstep your boundary,
Remember who signs your paycheck,
My perfect daughter,,,
is about to get a divorce
after being conned,
Are you trying to add
fuel to the fire or something?
I'm sorry,
Throw out the soy sauce marinated
crabs, I don't want to see them!
Thank you, I'll get going now,
How did it go?
I asked my friend and got it,
This is great news,
The universe is on our side,
All right, All there's left
is some smooth acting,
Can you do it?
- What about you?
- Me?
I've been ready my whole life,
My nickname is Ready Man,
But shouldn't we at least
tell So Won about it?
He must be getting ready
to move out of the house,
Leave him alone,
He might be against it
as he's a bit rigid in his thinking,
After we make this work,
we should tell him then, Okay?
Calm down, Everything is
going to be all right,
If I do the night surgeries,
I'll be able to renegotiate
my annual salary, right?
What on earth happened?
Since when did you care about money?
I have my reasons,
Well, is that a possibility?
What's going on?
I heard your clinic is packed with
customers after starring on a show,
Did something happen
with your clinic?
Was there medical malpractice?
Come on, You know me
better than that,
Then what is it?
You were always popular among girls,
Did you get kicked out for having
an affair or something?
I will explain it later, Let's just
talk about my salary for now,
Can I renegotiate my salary?
Gosh, if you can do the night
surgeries, I'd be happy,
When can you start?
I can start next month,
Can you commute from Seoul to Suwon?
No, I'm going to move
to Suwon with my wife,
The number you have dialed
is not available at the moment,
You'll be connected
to the voicemail box,
There will be charges
after the beep,
Gosh, why isn't she
answering her phone?
Where has she been all day?
She has to sign
the divorce paper today,
Mom, did you call me?
My goodness, my precious daughter,
Why didn't you answer my calls?
Where have you been all day?
We have to go
to the lawyer's office today,
Well,,,
Hello,
How have you been, Mrs, Yang?
What?
Why are you in my house?
We already settled
the matter ages ago,
Mrs, Yang, I,,,
I'm in trouble,
What is it this time?
Mrs, Yang,
Why don't we talk
in somewhere quiet?
With me?
Yes,
What is it that
you want to talk about?
Hey, Yeon Ju,
Is your mouth glued or something?
Why are you studying my face?
Why can't you talk?
What kind of trouble are you in?
Just fess up already,
I'm sorry, Mom,
Seriously? You need to
be more elaborate than that,
How bad could it be?
You need to explain yourself better,
Well,,,
What is this?
That's the ultrasound
image of a baby,
I know that,
But why are you showing this to me?
That's my baby, Mom,
What did you say?
I'm pregnant, I'm four weeks in,
You're pregnant? You?
And she went to the OBGYN today,
- She had the ultrasound,,,
- Hey, be quiet,
Stop talking, Be quiet,
Don't say a word,
Wait, your OBGYN said
that you're sterile,
She said to conceive, you needed to
get inseminated or something,
And you're always fighting
with Dr, Lee,
Dr, Lee sleeps at his studio,
and you sleep at my house,
When did you meet?
When did you get pregnant?
It's not like you lay eggs
like flies,
Please calm down,
Since they're still married, there's
nothing wrong with being pregnant,
- It doesn't take long,,,
- I said to be quiet,
- Stop it, Why do you talk so much?
- Okay, okay, I will stop,
- Stop talking,
- Okay,
- You're giving me a headache,
- I understand,
Hold on, What should we do?
You were about
to sign the divorce papers,
How could you get pregnant now?
Don't worry, Mom,
I'm not going to have this child,
I don't want a child
of a selfish man,,,
who wants to separate you and me,
Stop, Yeon Ju, you and I
can talk about that later,
Hold on,
But how did you know about this
to have come to my house?
I had a dream last night,
In the middle of night, Yeon Ju,,,
brought a big egg
to my house in my dream,
- A big egg?
- Yes,
A big egg?
That's right, That's it,
So the moment,,,
I tapped the egg,
the egg cracked,
and a dragon shot up to the sky,
Out of nowhere,
the dragon bit Yeon Ju's hand,
This is a dream
of forthcoming conception,
It's not just an ordinary dream,
I think this dream is
very similar,,,
to the dream a mother of a general
had before giving birth,
So what happened?
At that moment, blood started to,,,
gush out from Yeon Ju's hand,
The moment I screamed like this,
the phone rang,
and I answered the call,
That's when I told him,,,
that I was pregnant,
That's right, So this is
how it happened,
Oh, my goodness,
What are we going to do?
I don't know if this is
a happy or unfortunate occasion,
I'm going crazy, Nothing like this
has happened to me in my life,
How can this,,, I mean,,,
the importance
of one's timing in birth,,,
applies to people, animals,
and nature,
This is one bad timing,
What should I do, Mom?
But I heard getting
an abortion is illegal,
Hey, don't you worry,
Your marriage is over anyway,
A baby can't make it worse
than it already is,
Raising one more child
won't be a problem,
Give birth to the baby,
and let me raise the baby,
We can raise the baby,
Mr, Lee, Excuse me, Mr, Lee,
Don't worry, I'll do my best
to raise the baby,
And please expedite the paper work,
- Wait, Hold on,
- That's all right,
- Mr, Lee, I will,,,
- There's no need,
- Let's talk a bit more,
- Please sit down,
- Let's talk for five more minutes,
- No, please don't get up,
- Wait, that's not it,
- That's all right,
- You don't need to walk me out,
- Wait, Mr, Lee,
- You can't leave like this,
- That's not necessary,
- Mr, Lee,
- That's all right,
You can't leave like this,
Please let me go,
I already made my decision,
My son was so selfish
to ask to move out of here,
so please let him leave
this house as soon as he can,
- Wait, Hold on a second,
- There's no need,
No, that's okay, Please let me go,
Take care then,
My gosh, what am I going to do?
I don't know what to do,
What am I supposed to do now?
Is the tasting for the managers
coming along nicely?
Yes, All we need to prepare
are the drinks, right?
Manager Jung is going to personally
prepare the new dish,
Right, Please set up
a sign at the entrance,
It's already done,
- Thank you, Good job,
- Thank you,
Did you take photos
of the seating arrangement?
Yes, I did,
Let's get going, The meeting is
about to start, We must hurry,
It smells like acacia,
We have to catch that,
Stop! Stop it!
Come on! Stop the bus! Stop!
Gosh, we missed it,
Darn, If only I weren't
wearing heels,,,
Gosh, my feet,
Goodness, my feet hurt,
My feet hurt so much,
Goodness, what are you doing?
Let go of my feet,
You must've gone crazy,
What are you doing?
What is it? Why are you making
me wear your sneakers?
You'd better let go of me now,
Let go of me! I said let go! Shoot,
Hey!
Why are you doing this to me?
Are you a pervert
that likes women's shoes?
If you're not, what is it?
You want me to
buy something from you?
Who are you?
Are you a ghost or something?
Why won't you say anything?
You got everything from me,
Even my hat and shoes,
Why are you doing this to me?
What did I do wrong?
If you have a mouth, talk,
You're so pretty,
I can't hear you, Speak louder,
Why are you doing this to me?
You're so,,,
What?
You're so pretty!
Pretty? I'm pretty?
I've never heard that in my life,
Are those two kids
the only children you have?
Of,,, Of course,
I only have two children,
Why do you ask?
I just wanted to make sure,
You wanted to have a child then,
Dad,
Are you looking at that again?
Yes, I was just thinking about
the old days,
You should throw it away,
It's time you admit
there's no one in this world,,,
with your lineage,
All right, That's why you should
get married,,,
and make me a family,
Don't worry,
I went to Tae Yang's home last night
and met his parents,
How was it like?
His mother is beautiful,
She's a sports dancer,
She's living happily with a husband
who is 10 years younger than her,
Really?
She's so lucky,
I know,
By the way, when will Lee Ru Ri
become a full-time employee?
Tae Yang compliments her so much,
I think it'll be around next week,
You should delay it a little,
I think she lacks the capacity,
Really?
You're not jealous of her, are you?
Come on, Dad,
I'm changing,
You'll know
when you taste the food today,
You know that there will be a new
menu tasting at 6pm today, right?
Yes, I just checked the venue,
Ms, Lee Ru Ri, how are
the ingredients going?
I've made an order for 20 people
to arrive at 3pm promptly,
Can you add two more servings?
Yes, we have more time,
It's possible,
Add two more then,
You know how important
this is, right?
The honor of our team
relies on this,
Let's not make any mistakes,
- Yes, Manager Jung,
Okay, Lee Ru Ri, Enjoy all you want,
(Ingredients and amount)
(The order has been completed,)
I ordered more ingredients,
Shall I help with sauce preparation?
Let's eat,
Come here and taste this,
I think this is a little salty,
This is important,
You need to do your best,
Oh, my, This is good,
- Is it?
- Does it taste okay?
I knew Myung Rang could do this,
Gosh, you can cook so well
by just looking at the recipe,
I'm good,
She's talented,
Have some more,
Spoon?
- Yes,
- Give me one spoon,
(Ingredient orders for 2 people)
Don't put in too much,
(The order has been completed,)
What are you doing?
I saw him wash his hands,
- Did you wash your hands?
- I did in the morning,
Why are you pasting this mayonnaise?
This is not some clay toy,
Grandma, is this Grandpa's?
Yes, how did you know?
It's really big,
But why are there so many?
I bought a lot, so that
he could wear them for a long time,
You don't even like Grandpa,
Why do you buy him a lot of clothes?
There's something called attachment,
Even when I'm far away from him,
I don't want to see him,,,
looking all scruffy,
Young Hye! Young Hye!
Come here, Come here for a moment,
Hurry,
Come here, Come,
What is it?
I think you married really well,
You must have saved a country in
your previous life to have met me,
What are you talking about?
We don't need to worry from now on,
If you wait a little,
Mrs, Yang will come,,,
and take So Won back home,
You can look forward to it,
How about me?
You should go too,
It's 1 plus 1,
What are you talking about?
You left early in the morning,
What have you been up to?
You're annoying me again,
I've spent the whole day
running around,,,
just so that I can save my son,
So what have really you done?
Don't be surprised,
I just told Yeon Ju,,,
I made Yeon Ju pregnant,
What?
I'm pregnant, Mom,
Gosh,
Gosh, now I understand why people
say you can laugh,
but be sad at the same time,
Gosh, it's driving me crazy,
Gosh, how can the sky be so cruel?
This is such a bad timing,
Hey! Hey!
Yes, ma'am, Did you call me?
I need the
soy sauce marinated crab again,
I'm going to call Dr, Lee
this evening,
Cook some radish soup for me,
You're good at it, Put some oysters,
He's my grandchild's father,
I need to think about it again,
Gosh, it's nice to hear
you've changed your thought,
In seven months,
the child will be born,
They can't get separated,
What are you talking about?
Yeon Ju said she's been pregnant
for four weeks,
No, when I was four months pregnant
with my daughter,
I could only see a dot,
This one has arms and legs,
- Are you sure?
- It's true,
This is a photo of a baby
that's three months old,
Darn this girl,
So Won, it's all solved now,
We don't need to get separated,
we don't need to move out
of Mom's house,
and we can live with Han Gyul,
It's all thanks to your father,
What are you doing?
Gosh, why are you kissing,,,
your husband's photo?
What's the happy occasion?
Don't you know?
I'm educating the baby,
I want a baby that looks like him,
You're kissing his photo
because you're pregnant?
Stop saying things like that,
You should talk nicely to me
as I'm pregnant,
Gosh, you've nearly become
a swindler yourself,
Tell me, Who's the culprit?
Was it you, your father-in-law,
or Dr, Lee? Say it,
What do you mean a culprit?
Who's the person that brought me
someone else's photo of a baby,,,
that's three months old to trick me?
Who's the culprit?
Mom,
Tell me, Who was it?
Mom, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, Mom, I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to,
but Father told me,,,
Father told me
that it's a white lie,
What? A white lie?
A white lie?
Gosh, that man,
As if it wasn't enough
that he tricked me all these years,
he's using his brain to make you
pretend like you're pregnant?
Darn it,
- Mom, Mom, Mom!
- Darn it,
Darn that family,
Gosh, Your crazy father-in-law
My daughter is torn up
because of his son,
How could he lie
that you're pregnant?
If he wasn't your father-in-law,
I would have already
chewed him to death,
Mom, it's my fault,
- What did I do to deserve this?
- Mom,
Call the moving company!
I'm sick of that family,
I'm really going to end this,
Completely end it,
I'm so angry,
Oh, my,
It's strange,
She should have called to cancel
the divorce by now,
Why is she so unresponsive?
Can you stay still?
You're confusing me because
you're moving around so much,
Be quiet!
I'm already upset, You don't have
to make me more upset,
Can't I walk with my own feet
in my own house?
Why are you upset?
Why? It's all because of you,
What did I do?
Don't you know?
My family is in trouble
because you appeared out of nowhere,
Why are you staring at me like that?
You're the loudest here,
You're always yelling,
You're always mad at Grandma
and Aunt Ru Ri,
I can't stand it because
you're so loud,
You punk, When did I ever yell?
My voice is naturally loud,
If you do that one more time,,,
You're so loud, Be quiet,
It's an order,
Gosh,
Honey,
Something happened, Please come out,
What happened?
Just come out, Hurry,
What?
Mrs, Yang must have called,
Oh, my,
What are these?
These are from Cheongdam-dong,
These are So Won's stuff,
Mrs, Yang sent them,
What?
These are So Won's?
Does she want them to get divorced?
Oh, my, My head aches,
Honey, are you okay?
Where is So Won?
Where is he right now?
We barely paid back
the loan for this month too,
Oh, right, Why didn't you pay for
the living expenses for this month?
Can I pass for this month?
Most of the students quit
because the weather got cold,
You know what the advantage
of being older, right?
You're a capable older woman,
I'm sorry, Beauty is
the only thing I have,
Gosh,
Mom, just wait for a little while,
I'm going to earn a lot of money
and give all of it to you,
Really? How will you do that?
I'm home,
Oh, my,
Gosh,
Do you understand now?
I'm going to make Woo Joo a star
and make a fortune,
Is that why you asked
me to change my hairstyle?
Yes, didn't you know?
You punk,
Yes, Mi Joo,
What?
Yes, okay, Thank you,
Honey, I need to go
to the bookstore,
Why do you have to go
to the bookstore so suddenly?
I think she found my sister,
Really?
This is Sarah Kang,
Jung Hwa Young's sister,
She was a professor at the Seattle
Dance Academy, but she quit,
What does she do to make it
this hard to find her?
Ma'am, We just got a call
from the US,
We finally found the criminal record
of Jung Hwa Young,
Really?
Attempted murder?
She failed to murder
her husband, Jay, 30 years ago,
She was put on the wanted list,
Her whereabouts were unknown
after that,
so it became a cold case,
(Cold case: A case that's been left
unsolved for a long time,)
My son is living with a woman,,,
who is a criminal that
attempted to kill her husband?
I can't believe this,
I found it, Here,
She said that she was in
the performance news section,
Give it to me,
(Sarah Kang,
Tokyo Dance Academy professor)
Is this your sister?
(Sarah Kang,
Tokyo Dance Academy professor)
Is it her?
I'm scared to actually meet her,
It's been 30 years,
Will she recognize me?
Of course,
She would have thought
about you every day,
I really want to meet my sister,
I'm so nervous,
The tasting has to be successful,
You don't have to be nervous,
Just do it like you usually do,
Yes, everyone is talking about
how good the new menus are,
Don't worry, Do your best,
Ru Ri,
Why is she so kind to you?
They say that if one doesn't act
like usual, they'll die soon,
I don't know,
Myung Rang, I can't make
a mistake today,
I need to make this to become
a regular employee,
Please help me
not to make a mistake,
Don't worry, I'll help
you with all my might,
Okay, let's wish
ourselves good luck,
Okay, 1, 2, 3, let's do it!
- That went all right,
- Let's go,
Shall we do it one more time?
1, 2, 3, let's do it,
We can do it,
They can dream as much as they want,
A regular employee?
Lee Ru Ri, this will be
the end for you,
Did they only send one box?
I was about to check too because
it seemed strange,
They only gave us ingredients enough
for two servings,,,
when there are 22 people,
Ru Ri!
Yes?
Did you order correctly?
Of course, I ordered ingredients
enough for 22 people,
Is this Fresh Distribution?
This is SC Food and Beverage,
I'd like to check our order
for today,
Are you sure?
Can we order additionally right now?
Really? Okay,
Why? Is there something wrong?
They said that we only
ordered two servings,
We can't order more,
What? That's not possible,
I certainly ordered for 22 people,
Manager Jung, look at this,
(2 servings of ingredients)
Oh, my, Ru Ri, what happened?
You must have written
2 instead of 22,
I didn't,
I really ordered for 22 people,
Manager Jung, I really did,
That's not important right now,
The guests will come soon,
Let's get the ingredients first,
I know a good supplier,
Let's go together, I need to check
them out with my own eyes,
Okay,
Gosh, This is really strange,
I really ordered for 22 people,
It already happened,
Let's just make the sauce first,
Sung Tan, let's do it together,
(2 servings of ingredients)
Is that enough?
The color of the fat
isn't clear enough,
Can we look at some meat
with better quality?
Okay, Please wait for a minute,
Did you say you needed 22 servings?
Yes, We don't have much time,
so please hurry,
Okay,
How could this happen
on an important day like this?
Don't be too anxious,
We still have some time,
Everything will be okay,
Your menu is amazing,
Thank you,
You saved me,
Really?
I'm glad to hear that,
I wanted to help you,,,
to make up for what I did,
Let's forget about the past,
Thank you,
Why doesn't he respond?
Is he still looking for
the ingredients?
Goodness,
I'm such an idiot,
I can't face him again
if I ruin this,
Such an idiot,
I've never told you this before,
have I?
Yeon Ju, I love you,
Let's not break up,
I'm sorry, Mom,
Ma'am, Ma'am?
Did you call for me?
How's Mom?
Is she still upset?
Not at all,
She's actually relieved,,,
that nothing's on her way now,
Can you do me a favor?
I can't believe it,
How can you eat in this situation?
What kind of situation is this?
Your son's about to get divorced,,,
because of your shallow trick,
Watch your mouth, It's not shallow,
I'm only trying what's best
for my son,
It's only best for you,
To them, you're being
shameless and rude,
Be quiet, Whose side are you on?
Even if he committed
an unforgivable crime,
you should always be on his side
as his parent,
Especially when it's
not So Won's fault,
we should help him together
as his parents,
Please stop thinking about
something stupid,
Everything's over already,
The more you act up,
the uglier you get,
What? What did you just say?
Who said it's over?
So Won went to see Mrs, Yang,
It's not going to end now,
Never,
(Yeon Ju)
What are you doing, Mom?
Good, I'm glad you're here
just on time,
You look worried,
so I came up with a good idea,
Look,
Are you going to renovate the house?
Of course,
New wine in a new bottle,
I'm going to erase the trace
of your ex-husband,,,
in this house completely,
You don't need to worry
about a thing,
When you come back from
a European cruise for two months,
the house will be ready,
Then let's begin a new life,,,
in a new house with a new mind,
Okay?
Who's that?
Oh, my,
What's this for?
I'm going to treat you today,
My goodness, I can't believe it,
My gosh, I can't believe it,
My daughter's going to wash my feet,
I didn't expect this,
Goodness,
Very nice,
You need to experience a breakup,,,
in order to become an adult,
It's nice,
My goodness, I'm very happy,
Where's Yeon Ju?
In the master bedroom,
It's nice,
Goodness,
Yeon Ju, Stop frowning,
Smile,
The world doesn't end,,,
because you broke up with a man,
It's not worth looking back when
you're not meant to be together,
With your look, your fortune,
and your personality,
as long as you get back to yourself,
I can always,,,
make guys hotter than him,,,
line up for you,
Mom,
Do you remember the time I went to
LA for study when I was 20?
How could I forget it?
Of course I do,
How did you endure it?
We were separated
for the first time,
I don't even want to think about it,
I couldn't eat anything for a week,
I couldn't sleep,
I even lost 3kg,
I was like a skeleton,
So how did you endure it?
My friends thought,,,
I was going to die,
so they took me out for golf,
I walked and hit the ball
over and over again for 18 holes,
After a week of playing golf,
I missed you a tiny bit less,
- I see,
- Yes,
Then,,,
you should start playing golf again,
Why? Are you planning to
go somewhere?
You dummy, You're not even smart,
You're only wasting money,
Where are you going?
Hold on,
Gosh, No way,
Yeon Ju, You're not,,,
No, you're not, Are you?
No, Yeon Ju, No way,
I'm sorry, Mom,
I'm going to go with So Won,
My goodness,
- If you accept the kid,,,
- Shut your mouth,
Let me ask you,
Tell me again,
Do you really mean
what you just said?
My goodness,
What am I going to do now?
You're going to abandon your
old mother with a heart disease,,,
and follow him?
I'm sorry, Mom,
Look at me, Yeon Ju,
You're not yourself right now,,,
because of him,
but I know you, Yeon Ju,
You can never raise
someone else's kid,
Are you going to suffer
with no money?
Mom, please,
Even if you beg me,,,
after a few months,
I won't accept you,
Are you still going to leave me?
Don't be like this, Mom,
My goodness, This isn't right,
Get a grip, Yeon Ju,
This isn't right,
Are you going to abandon
your mom over a man?
Please say no, Yeon Ju,
No, No, This isn't right,
No, My daughter
would never do this, No,
I'm sorry, Mom,
No, This isn't right,
Yeon Ju,
Yeon Ju, My goodness,
You're what I lived for,
This can't happen,
What has he done to you?
Gosh,
Yeon Ju,
- Yeon Ju,
- I'm sorry, Mom,
Yeon Ju,
Do you now know,,,
what I gave up to choose you?
We have to live
happily because of this,
We have to be happy at all costs,
Can you do that?
You know how important
this is, right?
The honor of our team
relies on this,
Let's not make any mistakes,
Ru Ri, what are you doing?
They're evaluating the tasting,
You need to go there,
How can I go there?
I almost ruined everything,
Hey, No one is perfect,
Especially for us, Our looks and
ability are below average,
Just rely on your personality
in times like this,
Be a brave, amiable,
and shameless cartoon character,
I won't cry
Even if I'm lonely and sad
Let's go, Be thick-skinned about it,
I don't want to, I can't go,
Ask the Menu Development Team
to come here,
Yes, sir,
What are your impressions
after the tasting?
This is the first ambitious work
of our Menu Development Team,
The idea is pretty fresh,
I think it's competitive,,,
because the dish is quite plentiful,
It's light and tender,
It's perfect for the elders because
the sauce tastes like Korean sauce,
Sir, how was it for you?
I think it will be perfect,,,
if we change the presentation
to fit our image,
Did you ask for us, sir?
They're here,
These are the people
who made these menus,
I really liked the sauce,
It was delicious,
Manager Jung, you did a great job,
Everyone is making
favorable comments,
Thank you, sir,
I heard that a female worker made
the sauce,
That's really amazing,
Look at her, She's taking
credit for you,
She has a complete dual personality,
No, I didn't make it,
Someone else developed the sauce,
Please hold on,
She's the one who made the sauce,
Oh, my,
The sauce was really amazing,
I'm looking forward to it,
Thank you,
She's such a shrewd,
Did she really mend her ways?
I'm completely relieved after today,
I can finally trust you after seeing
you defended for Ru Ri,
I still have a long way to go,
I need to treat her better
to make up for,,,
being mean to her in the past,
- Excuse me,
- Okay,
Yes?
No,
I'll pay it from my own pocket
since it was a mistake,
Yes, please send me the bill,
Okay,
What are you talking about?
Why would you pay for that?
Dad, just pretend
that you don't know about this,
Actually, there was
a little incident today,
Ru Ri made a wrong order,
The tasting was almost cancelled,
What?
Is that why you wanted to take
some time to observe her?
Yes,
I'm doing my best to teach her well,
but she's a little bit too much
for me,
Really?
I thought she was good with work,
but I'm disappointed,
Come in,
Did you ask for me, sir?
Welcome, Take a seat,
You two are nice to look at,
especially when you were cooking
with each other earlier,
You're a perfect match,
Dad, don't go too fast,
You're going to make Tae Yang
feel uncomfortable,
Why would he be uncomfortable?
I want you as a son-in-law,
What do you think about my daughter?
I'm sorry,
She's just a good colleague,
See?
I'm embarrassed,
You don't know what will happen
between a man and a woman,
Anyway,
just take good care of Ae Ri
like today,
(Order Sheet)
You're still here,
I can even see your cavities,
I don't have any cavities, Look,
Why didn't you go home yet?
Are you reflecting
over today's mistake?
I just can't forgive myself,
It was such an important
day for you,
I can't believe that I made
a ridiculous mistake like this,
It's okay to make
mistakes sometimes,
You're improving without my nagging,
Anyway, I'm really sorry for today,
I'll check more carefully,,,
and do my best,
Isn't it really cold at night
these days?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Ru Ri, don't be surprised,
I'm going to come out
at work tomorrow,
Come out?
Is it the one
that I'm thinking about?
Yes, the one you're thinking about,
Exactly this,
Why so suddenly?
I'm scared that someone might take
you because you're so pretty,
Don't laugh, I'm serious,
It's my first time hearing
something like this,
Don't worry,
You're the only one who'd take me,
You'll also be the only one
to take me in the future,
And,,,
I completely disagree
with you coming out,
If people knew about us,
we would've been in trouble
because they would think,,,
that we made a mistake
and were not careful,
I don't want my love,,,
to cause trouble for you
or my career,
I want to do it because I'm anxious,
Why are you anxious?
There won't be any problem,,,
if we don't change,
Are you confident?
Manager Jung, aren't you confident?
I'm confident,
I like you,
(Smart massage bed)
My body aches,
Oh, it's nice,
I'm falling asleep,
Excuse me, You've been coming every
day for two weeks in a row now,
You're not just going to
take off, are you?
Who do you think we are?
I told you I'm buying a gift
for my mom,
Then you should bring your mother
with you here,
It's going to be a surprise,
Surprise,
A surprise gift on her birthday,
Surprise?
Okay then,
Enjoy as much as you want,
Hey, I'm embarrassed,
Let's stop coming here now,
Wait,
I've got an idea to
get rid of this picture,
Let's just ask Tae Yang,,,
who he is,
Right, He'll probably recognize him
since they work at the same company,
- I know, right?
- Yes,
Have you seen this, sir?
What's this?
("Sarah Kang's Special
Latin Dance Workshop")
That's her, Right?
Anna Kang's sister,
The name's right,
but it's been so long
that I can't recognize her,
Hold on,
What do you think?
Do you think it's her?
Yes, I'm sure it's her,
The workshop's on today,
(Tokyo Dance Academy professor,
Sarah Kang)
She used to be very pretty,
but she's gotten old now,
It's been a long time,
She's my only family,
We had to part
because of what I did,
Every time I think about it,
I can't stop blaming
Tae Yang's father,
We decided to forget about it,
Talk about the good things
when you meet your sister,
Will she recognize me?
Of course,
You're too beautiful to forget,
I'm happy to have you beside me,
Thank you,
Sarah Kang probably knows the truth,
Whether my child exists or not,
1, 1, 1, 1, 2,
Turn back, 1, 1, 1, 2,
Turn back, 1, 1, That's it,
- Turn back, 1, 1, 1,,,
- Is that her?
2, 3, 4, 1, 1,,,
Yes, I think so,
Did you all watch it?
Did you see how they sensed,,,
their space as they cross?
- Thank you,
Thank you, Good job,
What brings you here?
Are you Sarah Kang?
Yes, I am, Who are you?
It's me, Can't you tell?
Are you Anna?
My gosh, You were alive,
You were alive,
It's been so long,
My goodness, My sister,
Sarah,
Sarah, Sarah,
What is the chairman doing here?
A son?
He's already 30,
Right, That's about right since you
were pregnant with him back then,
I always wondered
what happened to him,
I actually told him to come here,
You can meet him in person,
You have no idea how handsome he is,
He looks like me since he's my son,
My sister must be thirsty, honey,
Okay, I'll bring water right away,
I'm glad you met someone nice,
Where did I see him?
Who's this?
He's Tae Yang's birth father,
Excuse me, Where's Professor
Sarah Kang's classroom?
You'll find the practice room
over there,
Thank you,
Let's go,
Why does he want to meet Sarah Kang?
Oh, right,
Tae Yang,
(Sarah Kang's special Latin dance
workshop)
What does your son do?
- He's a professional chef,
- My goodness,
I guess you can't fool the gene,
Hey, Don't say that,
I hate hearing that the most,
I can't imagine my son,,,
resembling him even by little,
I feel pity for him,
He doesn't even know
his son's alive,
Wait, I'll show you the picture,
I know you hate to hear this,
but he looks just like his father,
His eyes, lips and even the shape
of his face,
What's wrong?
What are you doing?
Be quiet,
Mom said there's someone I must see,
What's going on?
I'll explain later,
Just go home for now,
What are you talking about?
Where's mom?
Don't ask anything, Just go home,
Give it to me!
Unlock it,
Unlock it!
What are you doing here?
Show me my son,
What? Are you crazy?
Son? You don't have a son,
Don't be like this, I heard
everything, You just said it,
You said I don't even know
I have a son,
Show me, Please,
What are you talking about?
You don't have a son,
All you did was abusing her
when you were together,
Not only that, but you also
made her run away,
What more do you need from her?
Please,
I regret what I've done to you,
I really do, so please
tell me the truth,
I can do everything for my son,
so please tell me,
I'm about to go crazy,
Tell me the truth for the last time,
I said there's no truth,
We don't want anything to do with
you anymore, so please stop,
- Let's go,
- Then what is this?
What is this that you left
in your luggage?
You have no idea
what I went through,
I wandered my whole life,,,
with no family,
Please help me make it up to my son,
I'll be no harm to him,
Please, I beg you,
Tell me,
What is the truth?
The truth?
I'll tell you if you want it
so badly,
I've never had,,,
or gave birth to your son,
Even if I did, do you think
I could keep him?
When his dad is a piece of garbage
like you?
Is it clear now?
I hope we never
see each other again,
(Book on podiatry)
Are you tired, Grandma?
No, I'm okay,
Have a seat here, Han Gyul,
if you're tired,
Is this Dad's, Grandma?
Is Dad moving into our house?
Yes,
You'll get to see Dad every day now,
Yes! That's great!
What are you doing?
Can't you see?
I'm unpacking So Won's stuff,
Stop it now!
Gosh,
Who said you can let So Won in?
He's about to get divorced,
We can't let him live alone,
He had enough already
that he looks so weary,
That's why we should send him
back to his house,
Can't you tell after
all you went through?
They sent So Won's stuff,
It's over now,
You've done enough,
so stop being so dirty, Please!
That's what you think,
I can't let my child get divorced,,,
and come home empty-handed,
I'm going to turn this back
to normal,,,
as soon as he comes back,
Grandma, Dad's here,
So Won,
Oh, great, Nice timing,
Let's go,
To where?
What do you mean where?
We should beg Mrs, Yang,
It's over, Father,
If that would make her change
her mind,
she wouldn't have sent my stuff
in the first place,
What?
Are you going to give up like this?
I'm never going back to her house,
I'm going to work at
a new hospital too,
What? Look at you,
Mom, You don't need to unpack
my stuff,
Send them back to me when I give you
the address later,
What do you mean?
Where are you going?
I decided to work as a pay doctor
at my friend's hospital in Suwon,
I'm going to look for
a new house too,
Hey, hey, So Won,
How could you let me down like this?
You should be at your peak now,
You can't start over from scratch,
throwing everything
you've accomplished,
and as a divorced man
with a daughter?
No, Never, I can't forgive you,
No, I won't let you,
Go, Let's go,
Father,
I know it'll be hard,
but I can work hard to
stand on my feet again,
Hey, hey, Come on!
That's not as easy as you think,
Let's go, Go now,
Please stop!
So Won, Then don't move out,
Commute to work from here,
You have Han Gyul here too,
Han Gyul's coming with me,
What do you mean?
How are you going to
take care of her alone?
I'm not raising her alone,
Who else is going to raise her then?
Are you going to hire a nanny
when you have nothing?
No,
Yeon Ju and I will raise her
together,
What? Hold on,
What do you mean?
You're going to raise Han Gyul
with Yeon Ju?
Did,,,
Yeon Ju decide to move out?
Yes, she did,
So Won,
I'm really sorry to Mrs, Yang,
but I'm glad she did,
I'm glad,
Well, it worked out well,
It's best for the child to live
with her parents,
You can see Dad every day now,
Han Gyul,
- Are you happy?
- Yes,
My goodness,
She always snapped at me,
She's so clingy to her father,
I was right,
Grandpa, Dad, Grandma, and Han Gyul,
Right, You're the best,
Mom, I'm hungry, Give me some food,
Okay, Hold on a second,
Hey,
Listen to me,
I'm going to get him a loan,,,
with this house tomorrow and help
him with him opening a new clinic,
Get ready to teach Yeon Ju,,,
house chores,
What?
That old woman,
I'm going to show her how
I'm happy with her daughter,
She can be lonely
with all her money,
That shameless woman,
She's so cheap,
Gosh,
Are you packing already?
Are you going to leave?
If you accept that child,,,
That will never happen,
I'll ask you for one last time,
Are you really going to leave
this house?
Are you going to abandon your mother
and raise someone else's child?
This is why I have no other choice
but to move out,
Then leave everything I bought
for you,
Every one of them,
That's real independence,
Where are you going this early?
Don't you worry about me!
I can go on without you,
Are you going to work, Doctor?
Yes, Have a good day,
Wait,
I heard you're closing the clinic,
The chairwoman already put it
on the market that buyers came by,
They're going to open
a new hospital,
Yes, Thank you for all your help,
Mother,
What are you doing here?
I wanted to talk to you
for the last time,
What do you want to talk about?
This looks like you
when you were young,
Who's this kid?
My son,
His name is Ha Eun Kyo,
What are you doing?
Don't you dare laugh,
The moment I screamed,
the phone rang,
Goodness, Mi Sook, it must
be hard to act with him,
Pretty? I'm pretty?
Does he have bad eyesight?
He told me that I'm pretty!
Whom are you talking to?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
She doesn't have it in her
to raise someone else's child,
You must cook and
do the laundry for Yeon Ju,
I must end it,
Didn't Ru Ri hand over this draft?
We put it up at every branch,
I'm getting countless complaints,
I like you, Manager Jung,
It'd be better if I quit now,
Where is he?
Let's tell Tae Yang that
his birth father is alive,
Then Kevin is
Jung Hwa Young's ex-husband?